Allow Leader to indicate unknown extensions during upload. (#630)
ietf-wg-ppm/draft-ietf-ppm-dap: draft-ietf-ppm-dap.md

Client with error `reportTooEarly`. In this situation, the Client MAY re-upload
the report later on.

If the Leader's input share contains an unrecognized report extension, then the
Leader MAY abort the upload request with error "unsupportedExtension." If the
Leader does abort for this reason, it MAY indicate the unsupported extensions
in the resulting problem document via an extension field
"unsupported_extensions" on the problem document; this field MUST contain an

> array of numeric values indicating the extension code points which were not

Reviewer: I think we need to spell out "array of numeric values" in more detail. Is this just a vector of bytes, where each byte is a different error variant? Should this be base64url encoded?

Author: A problem details document is a JSON object; with that context, I think this meaning is clear -- an example value might be `[23, 45, 52]`.

I added a reference to the relevant section of the problem details RFC 9457 to make this clear.

Reviewer: Great point. In that case, my only suggestion would be to add the example to the text.

recognized.

If the Leader's input share contains two extensions with the same type, then

> the Leader MAY abort th eupload request with error "invalidMessage".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the Leader MAY abort the upload request with error "invalidMessage".
```
